Readme.md, before:

# Orchard Simple Analytics Readme



## Project Description

Orchard module for simply configuring an analytics (e.g. Google Analytics) script for an Orchard site.


## Documentation


Just add the analytics script under the site Settings. This script (wrapped into a script tag) will be injected into the head of your site. You can also configure whether to inject the script on the admin site or not.

**Warning:** this module uses infoset storage for efficiently store the configuration. This also means it's only compatible from Orchard 1.8 (or newer).

The module is also available for [DotNest](http://dotnest.com/) sites.

The module's source is available in two public source repositories, automatically mirrored in both directions with [Git-hg Mirror](https://githgmirror.com):

- [https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/orchard-simple-analytics](https://bitbucket.org/Lombiq/orchard-simple-analytics) (Mercurial repository)
- [https://github.com/Lombiq/Orchard-Simple-Analytics](https://github.com/Lombiq/Orchard-Simple-Analytics) (Git repository)

Bug reports, feature requests and comments are warmly welcome, **please do so via GitHub**.
Feel free to send pull requests too, no matter which source repository you choose for this purpose.

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies Ltd](http://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.

Commit message:

Changing licence to BSD 3-Clause and updating Readme to new format

Readme.md, after:

# Orchard Simple Analytics



## About

Orchard module for simply configuring an analytics (e.g. Google Analytics) script for an Orchard site.


## Documentation


Just add the analytics script under the site Settings. This script (wrapped into a script tag) will be injected into the head of your site. You can also configure whether to inject the script on the admin site or not.

**Warning:** this module uses infoset storage for efficiently store the configuration. This also means it's only compatible from Orchard 1.8 (or newer).

The module is also available for [DotNest](http://dotnest.com/) sites.


## Contributing and support

Bug reports, feature requests, comments, questions, code contributions, and love letters are warmly welcome, please do so via GitHub issues and pull requests. Please adhere to our [open-source guidelines](https://lombiq.com/open-source-guidelines) while doing so.

This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.
